it's not it's down here you've done good
right this is Danny post it needs to be
232 we wrong with you Danny come on give
me so excited
I've so much mail all right that's it
nice to be here in Manchester only woods
and gents and then nice to be back on
land as well I've been waiting on a
cruise ship last year and when you work
on a cruise ship you get people on from
all over you know we have American
passengers who come on in they're
overwhelmed by it all you know like a
man is mischief fantastic love
everything about it man the
entertainment the food the hospitality
then we have the Australian passengers
who come on
you know like a strewth might love know
everything about the ship the end of
time I preferred the tackle the show
will Stroeve Mike then you get the
English passengers in come on how much
did you pay
we're sensibly in Manchester and last
time I was in Munster Ursula Manchester
actually I was quite star stuff because
I've seen Johnny Vegas missed outside of
a nightclub he was he was basically I'm
serving a nightclub there's people
looking at him going Oh Charlie young
original but I don't care again Jeremy
jump try giving up I went to Rio I said
excuse me do you treat alcoholics
listen we don't own it I said fucking
see me option act on scoots maybe I want
to show like I'm from st. tell us I'll
teach you fishing down now so I can from
Liverpool it eventually you've done a
bit like John bitten you know it's like
the other day the only thing I would
watch in its in New Albany I was
shitting meself in the stairs well
before I came on but I'll tell you what
I was watching the telly last week and I
was watching this celebrity come down me
and I've seen Johnny Barlow with
interviewing David Beckham and he turned
out to David Beckham anything David you
know you are a fantastic phenomenal
footballer you know what there is a
there is a question of a meaning to ask
you now for a long long side which is
what was your most memorable game you've
ever played for England and David
Beckham tear now underneath it
the most memorable game and in a sigh
off mic for England is when them England
first Iraq and the ball came to mean a
shout of mine
and all the Iraqis run off the pitch a
little bit more then eventually you will
sell my map into Fayette oh there is
there is people around earth in thinking
it's Michael McIntyre space with Harry
Hill's head from I go back and so it's
one of these people who is middle class
and would say a plant were different of
a good word to make a good word sounds
even better the what's actually is is
one of these people who would say
something oh yes I went to the park lost
me and and it was terribly exciting and
it wasn't just exciting it was terribly
exciting and I used to be terribly
Friends of exciting to make exciting
even more exciting it but if he changed
my film I can tell you around a bit more
sand a bit more course eventually will
sell Jimmy
last week I was doing jokes about
dyslexic people should have seen my
letters all had a complex dear Kimmy job
can you stop telling jokes about us you
walking vodka but trans Jimmy Carr
around a little bit more eventually you
said a bit like muscle brain basically
wrong easy depression for Russell Brand
what you need to his trial stage many
old words in a sentence as you possibly
can when you connect students ballerina
sexually Brett to Mars with your self
but a lot of people will be surprised by
doing impressions because I'm actually
definitely left ear and I had two
hundred driving lessons because my
driving instructor was definitely yeah I
am I would basically that's actually
like the evidence you know turn left you
what you're saying I don't know what did
you say I'm wrong Isola Lou :
I think you change it up a bit marks are
my evil Manchester eventually your side
of Atlanta a charm answered you know
Jason you know you've just not enough
you know when you finish Molly get the
girls number from the audience I want
y'all actually I ain't got off I saw
that I would say that bizarre we have
nature's